

[Verse 1]
Gold, gold, four five chrome (Gold, gold, four five chrome)
Rhymes and gemstones (Rhymes and gemstones)
From rhymes up being flown (From rhymes up being flown)
But how can I get a home, if I can't get a loan?
(But how can I get a home, if I can't get a loan?)
If I can't get a job (If I can't get a job)
And I live all alone (And I live all alone)
Now I'm calling on my phone (Now I'm calling on my phone)
All I get is a dial tone (All I get is a dial tone)

Better call Tyrone to condone (Better call Tyrone to condone)
Blown sitting at home (Blown sitting at home)
I roam when I get to Rome (I roam when I get to Rome)
I've been all around the globe (I've been all around the globe)

I call one place home, that's my home
But I just can't go back home (Damn!)

All I got is my goal (All I got is my goal)
And my four five chrome (And my four five chrome)
Rhymes and gemstones (Rhymes and gemstones)
From rhymes up being flown (From rhymes up being flown)
But how can I get a home (But how can I get a home)
If I can't get a loan? (If I can't get a loan?)
If I can't get a job (If I can't get a job)

[Verse 1]
Get this nigga his job one time
I can rob, I can steal, I can kill, I can even serve time one time
And come back outside, oh boy what a day when they see a boy face
When he finally face the truth, is it me or is it you?
Got Juice, got Friday, ain't nobody taking mine
Anyone waiting in line is really waisting they time
You're not taking me out [?] from the south
Let me see you put gold in your mouth
Let me see what you about
Let me see what you bought
Somebody sold his soul, look like you got caught
Homie let me help you out (help you out)
In the place to be with greatest mc's

[Hook]
Mouth is full of gold (Mouth is full of gold)
Rhymes and gemstones (Rhymes and gemstones)
But sometimes I get blown (But sometimes I get blown)
And forget where I'm going (And forget where I'm going)
But I reflect on a poem (But I reflect on a poem)
That brings me back right home (That brings me back right home)
Blusting on everybody that's trying to keep me from my throne

[Verse 2]
Legacy songs, stage ripped off
'Cause I got pissed off
Woke up to reality and realized it's this hard
And the game is this soft, all the pain and chrystal
The blame, the pistol I aim, bang!
Brains, blew [?]
It ain't blues unless the blunt I puffed was from an angel's dust
Crushed the plains into us
Paint the face, gently brush, evidently blush
I come up with something
The bad politics gotta be from something
Police popping children, gotten me disgusted
The pain we [?] is the pistol we busting

[Hook]
I'm talking about my goals (Rhymes and gemstones)
Four five chrome (Rhymes and gemstones)
Rhymes and gemstones (Rhymes and gemstones)
From rhymes up being flown (From rhymes up being flown )

[Verse 3]
Been blown crack house, Alabama shake down
I'ts that back yard boogey, you can give me cake now
Came on a greyhound and my head stayed down
Has been ever since, all I think is underground

[Outro]
Gold, four five chromes
Rhymes... gemstones

