

[Intro]
Sorry but- (Go ahead)
Oh no
What up, Bob? God, man
We're Hobo Johnson & Lovemakers, we're a couple kids - five I guess - that like to make a little bit of love, like to make a little bit of music. Look at that, it's a desk, just kidding Bob, it's a table. I don't care about rules!

[Verse 1]
Hi, what’s your name? How are you? How’s your life?
Oh, you got a man? Are you in love? If so, what type?
Is it just platonic, strictly just as friends
Or the type that ties you two together 'til tomorrow’s end?
If it is, disregard every time I call you pretty
Though it’s meant sincerely, it’s just my imagination drifting
Brush me off like the dirt on Jay-Z’s shoulders
So I fall to ground, collect myself and get ready to take over your heart
Or at least your spare time

[Chorus]
And I love the thought of being with you
Or maybe it’s the thought of not being so alone
The second one’s way sadder than the first one
But I don’t know
I love the thought of being with you
Or maybe it’s the thought of not being so alone
Man, fuck, I really love being in love
But I also really love not crying on the-

[Verse 2]
We should go get a cup of coffee
And I’ll act friendly and I won’t pull any stunts
But I’m a freaking stunt puller from birth
So I don’t know what to tell you
If I try to confess my love for, scones
I just wanna tell you real quick please shh
I love, these scones
Just the diversity between the selection
The raspberry, the blueberry
The strawberry, pumpkin, even
Which is basically a fucking squash
How do you even make a scone out of a freaking squash?
It blows my mind, oh man
But what are you talking about?
I’m so sorry to interrupt
Oh yeah, your boyfriend made you mad the other day?
What was he saying? What was he talking about?
Oh my god, that’s crazy
What do I think? Hm, let me think about it
Let me think about it, hm, hm, hm, hm, hm, hm
He was being mean at that time
But I’m sure he’s gonna turn around at some point, and

[Chorus]
I love the thought of being with you
Or maybe it’s the thought of not being so alone
Man, I really love being in love
But I also really love not crying on the phone
Man, I love the thought of being with you
Or maybe it’s the thought of not being so alone
I don’t know, the second one’s way sadder than the first one
But, I don’t know

[Verse 3]
Hi, wassup? Yeah, what’s going on?
Oh yeah, she told me a lot about you, yeah, uh huh
It’s so great that you’re doing all of those things
You should keep doing all of them I think
Oh yeah my name’s Hobo Johnson I’m a rapper
I’m actually not a rapper, I like to say a musician
I play guitar sometimes too I’m just not as good as Derek
It doesn’t matter but
She is like the nicest person I’ve ever met in my whole life
And I’m sure you know it ‘cause you sleep next to her every night
And you guys would probably cuddle and kiss or whatever
But she, you know, she is just so sweet and she cared about me a lot when no one else cared about me and I think that’s really nice
Really you know, she’s just a, she's just a peach
She’s a peach, scone
She's a peach scone, Bob

[Outro]
And I love the thought of being with her
I just really hope that she doesn’t get hurt, man
They say it takes two years to come back down to earth
From that lovely place that you’ve been, I heard it’s so nice
I heard it’s so nice, good for you, I’m glad
And if you find someone that really loves you for who you are
Keep being with them, man
‘Cause that’s what matters in this life, Bob, thank you

