

[Intro]
Yeah yeah (du du du dah) yeah yeah
Alright alright, one time. two times
Yeah yeah, lawd..ugh

[Verse 1: A.K.]
Visions of world peace, A throne to claim my royalty
Defying limits from start to finish, third eye the witness
Lion emperor   light up the indica when I'm in the club
Innocent but she into thugs
Independent just spread love
I get it, got it
Light years beyond it, pondered on it
Probably taking a shit
Bitch, I torment any rapper think he want it
Casket quick, they ass get kicked
My passion like the axis to the globe
Like christ of nazareth ho, ho
Ascending master when I grab the micro
A psycho, Destructo Disk with the light flow
I know, I know that no matter the title
I will rise like a tidal
Wave my hands to my rivals
Got seven grams in my system
Running from religion, sinning
Think they probably hologram me
While a nigga still living
Cause a nigga soul lifted
You should exercise your wisdom
Or sit and die victim, swiftly dissect them nigga

[Chorus: ItsMeLeaf] (x2)
Told him I'm a winner, are you winning?
We gonna rule the world don't you forget it
Baby if I'm your girl, I'm a rider
I'll be your connect, your provider

[Verse 2: A.K.]
I tell them answers within them was never hidden bruh
We just get distracted by the conventional ways of living
But it ain't enough to certify a spot for you in heaven
Unless in flesh you were golden with clean karma on your records
Time is hectic, niggas killing for cash like every second
Reckless spending, do we got enough wealth to feed the peasants? Damn, get the message dream free and independent
Hope our people get to stepping cause our brains the strongest weapon
Mama told me stay connected to my dreams and count my blessings
Cause these so called friends would end this shit for some treasure
I don't slip got grip like some leather, Starshifts with my brethren
Trying to keep it all together, conscious gleaming any weather
Pardon me I'm light like feathers
And I'm reaching heights you never thought you see me climb
Remember? So partner please recline
I've seen the clock and It's my time
Proceed to watch from distant lines, but i dare you to flock a genius mind

[Chorus: ItsMeLeaf] (x2)
Told him I'm a winner, are you winning?
We gonna rule the world don't you forget it
Baby if I'm your girl, I'm a rider
I'll be your connect, your provider

[Verse 3: ItsMeLeaf & A.K.?]
I come through in some cums girls frats
Lay down bitches so then roll nine blunts
Face to face 'till it's roach for roach
If you see my girl nigga don't approach
I'm so faded off that indica
Words so cut like some domindica
Weed off this planet
I'm on different worksmissions
Took seven hits, put it down said, "i forfeit"

[Verse 3: A.K.]
Live the righteous way, praise the sun
And live the righteous way
Praise the sun and live the righteous way (x5)
Raise your gun and let the light just blaze
Jah know

[Chorus: ItsMeLeaf] (x2)
Told him I'm a winner, are you winning?
We gonna rule the world don't you forget it
Baby if I'm your girl, I'm a rider
I'll be your connect, your provider

