

[Verse 1]
Throwing up, told you that you drink too much
You're screaming out the window
The world is yours, like what a fuck?
Packem till like 40 bucks
Slide my card and tip them off
Went to sleep after we fucked
And we were right where woke up
She says, stay up' all night long'
Went to go and chase these funds
Later on she tried to type
But a nigga already knew what's up
She call me up
Are you fucked up?
Nigga you lost my trust
She right, can't front, but I'm a Leo so i don't give a fuck!
She said I put her through pain,now everything down the drain
I'm like, before you get the sunlight
You need to go through rain
Hold up, cause when it's good you know that she can fucking get it
Love'[?] where we let it
But instead we barley stressing
So we just drift away
Ain't no game for us to play
She called me up, 'homie, come over
She got some thing to say
I sat down and roll one up
Thinking we about to make up
She say she ain't with that
My nigga, right now your time is up
Me, I can't tell what' and what rollin up purple just to console her
She had her focus hocus pocus to leave a nigga hopeless
I said, you takin' it far, She said you're just insecure
I got up and packed my shit
You know I'm headed it for the door
She said it's just a funny thing, ain't trying to use wedding rings
But when you look back and reminisce, like we our medicine
I said I wanna keep going
She said, I just can't control you
I can't tell you where you should take me
Nigga, you 'spose to know it!

[Hook]
Back and forth
All around I chase you down, you chase me round
Ain't nobody winning unless we fucking
Let's we're fucking judges
Let's go!

[Verse 2]
Two weeks past, she relapse
Call me up, I'm hitting that
Wishing that we could rewind back to where it all started at
Aquinini butterfly
Spread her wings so she can fly
Ain't no need to catch a condo
Think florist, inside [?]
Can't be with her all the time, Groupie bitches get declined
Together we're forced to shine, where lions can't catch butterflys
Get it, we can never get it
Together we're at our best..
Before she can take that cocky shit
I can't help that she souless
Hold up! fuck all that shit!
Back and forth like soccer kicks
They get bored and trynna hit
Inside her [?] but i could wish
She know she can't leave this dick
Her kitty, my favorite'
Lick her shit, and finsh, and fall asleep after hitting it
Wrote this on an acid hit
Tripping out, I mastered it
If we can combine all our forces the world can't handle it!
Hold up, my candy girl
That's my mark inside her world, multicultural racial swirl
Now let's fill up in every curl. Keep it classy!
Niggas watching, but they can never pass me
Everlasting' but if that nigga get close then you can have it
Shit is tragic, she got her own shit
I can work my magic
But in concert, she on my mind
Nigga can't break the habbit!
She said you changed her
I said, I feel amazing
Ain't trying to change shit
But I'm just trying to become your favorite, right!
She said you're blowing up
Hit your phone, you don't pick up
You could fool me
Now you need to smoke some weed and slow it up Todos ustedes pueden probar, pero los Leones no puede coger la mariposas Nigga you know this uh Todos ustedes pueden probar, pero los Leones no puede coger la mariposas nigga you know this uh

