

[Chorus]
Michael Jackson, a million dollars
You feel me? Holler!
Michael Jackson, one million dollars
You feel me? Holler!

[Verse 1: Heems]
These rap dads is on some fashion scene shit
Skip that shit that I spit to talk about how my jeans fit
But I got a clean grip on the game, some mean shit
And you seen the team that I spread my green from schemes wit
Well it's your boy, like a Queens street Jhumpa
Heems the ruler, medulla create the moola
And me, I just do the rumba, porque está es la rumba
And we, we are the future, Abdullah, see that's my shooter
The ruger, he keep it super, duper, Abdul'll shoot ya
He'll knock you right out your Supras
Knock you right out your Pumas
Doctor give you the sutures, Victor is in the cooter
In tune with a boo from Hooters, while Dap is on the computer
Lakutis the clean up hitter, call him the pooper scooper
Alec an Oompa Loompa, re-tutor the school of looters
Hakuna matata Pumba, porque está es la rumba
Yeah! I'm fucking great at rapping!!!

[Chorus]

[Verse 2: Kool A.D.]
Call me Janet Jackson, I got a hundred dollars
I got the jungle fever, run with a hundred zebras
I got a leather jacket, I got a little hat on
I'm drinking carbonated water by the quarter gallon
I got an Eagle Talon, call me Richie Valens
Me no speakie spanish, Valium and Caesar salad
I'm DJ Khaled, I'm a Daikon radish
See me next to sushi sexually, I'll sex your coochie
Yeah, extra juicy, electrocute me
Fire scientist, MacGuyver my appliances
Describe the flyest line in this, I am this, I insist
Shout to all the highnesses requiring that I'll buy them shit
Yeah, you go girl, it's your world
Watching Parenthood on ketamine at the hoterrrrrl
Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. Whoa... WHAT?!

[Chorus]

[Verse 3: Heems & Kool A.D.]
Kool A.D., you good at rapping! (Yo Hima, you good at rapping!)
Yo Victor, you genus Latin! (Yo Hima, you Eric Clapton!)
Yo Victor, we going platinum! (Yo Hima, we finna clap 'em!)
Kool AD's finna happen! (We see the cream and we grab them)
Yo Victor, just let me stab them! (Chill Hima, we in Manhattan)
Let's move the static to Staten! (Move the static to Staten?)
Let's move this static to Queens! (Damn, you crazy Heems!)
Damn, that's very true! (That's how we do!)

[Chorus]

