

[Intro: CUFBOYS & CUFBOYS' Mom]
So what's your opinion on Ugly God, mom? A lot of people have wanted me to do that
Thi-This two videos we just saw?
Yeah
Oh, good luck to him, because whatever he made off that is not gonna be, no
Thanks Ugly God, thanks Ugly God, thanks Ugly God, thanks Ugly God
What you mean?
He's not gonna make any more. That was terrible
Hahaha
I mean, I'm pretty open-minded, so I like some of these people. I think they have a future. This guy. Number one, he's not that attractive. Number two, he's not! I mean, he's just not that attractive! And then all is he wants to sing about is dumb stuff, almost like, bo-. I don't know how to even say it, he's singing like pornographic stuff, and who just wants to see I mean, I guess if he has an audience for it, good luck. I would never listen to that. And I'm, I mean I like to..
So it's a no? Final opinion on Ugly God?
Oh yeah, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no. No, no, no. He's one of the worst you have shown me
Thanks Ugly God, thanks Ugly God, thanks Ugly God, thanks Ugly God, thanks Ugly God

[Verse]
I spent that check on my neck
I got yo bitch drippin', she wet (Drip)
Nigga, please don't disrespect
My niggas, they grippin' them TECs (Pew pew pew)
I pull up and pick up that check
I go to yo crib, put my dick in yo sister
Yo bitch on my line, I pull up and I drill her
Don't D.M. me, nigga, don't hit me on Twitter
Damn, I am the G.O.A.T, admit it (Yeah)
I fuck on yo bitch 'cause she with it
These niggas so broke, I don't get it (The fuck?)
I need me a milli', let's get it (Ayy)
I always say I need a milli' (Ayy)
I probably won't stop 'til I cop me a milli' (Ayy)
When I touch a milli', I'll cop me a Bentley (Ayy)
So let me stack up 'cause my pockets look empty
You niggas and bitches irrelevant
I need me that check, I pay hella rent
My pockets thicker than a elephant
I do this rap shit for the hell of it
2016, bitch I coulda been President
Bitch I'm the shit, I came up and it's evident
Don't call me brother, no we are not relatives
You niggas are snakes, yuh (Snakes)
These bitches is fake, yuh (Fake)
I see that you hate, yuh (Bitch)
I count up this cake, yuh (I run up that cash)
You savin' these hoes, lil' nigga (The fuck?)
I cannot relate, yuh (Cannot relate)
But get you a cape, yuh (Yuh)
Say hey to my tape, yuh, bitch

[Outro]
Thanks Ugly God, thanks Ugly God, thanks Ugly God, thanks Ugly God

