

[Intro: Jonwayne and Nick Colletti]
Yo man, um, are you Jonwayne bro? Are you Jonwayne?
Yeah
Oh shit man, what's up? Look, I don't know who you are, bro, but I'm with this girl, she says she knows who you are, I think she's a big fan. But, um, she says you rap and I'm not really seeing it dog
Um, yeah, no I don't really look like a rapper but yeah I do
So you rap?
I do rap. Yeah, I make rap music, yeah
Really?
Yeah
Really?
Yeah. It's not that great but it's-it's cool. I'm glad she likes it
Alright man. I mean, I'm not really seeing it but uh
It's ok. I mean, you know, you can YouTube it later if you want, you know
Alright man, well look, it's her birthday. You know, I'm in the club, she's a fan, so...it would mean a lot to me and I know it would mean a lot to her
I understand, and I'm kinda...aw man I'm with my friends and I don't wanna do this right now
If you spit a rap for her real quick
No! I don't want to, like, it's a thing. Like, what do you do for a living? Office—
I work at Radio Shack, bro
You work at RadioShack? Well, go get me some cables right now. You see what I mean?
Look, bro, I don't want it to be like that, yo. I'm not trying to like come at you I just, I'm just saying like...
You're not going to leave me alone, are you?
I mean it's her birthday, dog. I'm just saying
I'm with my boys right now
I see the boys, and look I'm not trying to break it up

[Verse 1]
Ok, ok, alright alright, check check
I'm coming to you live from the—
Don't ask me for nothing
I'm bout to kill this mic with the—
You need to stop frontin
Coming to you live from the—
I could put your future in my duffle
And still, shoot you off some classics in the scuffle
Live from the fuck you!
Live from the—
"Jon, you know we never really loved you
We're just touching base for the hookup."
Looking for some daps like a piece to the puzzle
Get it in the huddle
I'm about to bust this verse
So here's a little story bout the way I make it hurt
The way I make you learn how not to approach a man
Who's suffering for his work
Like a monkey in the circus
Force in his power make a rapper short circuit
I'm not the favor for this party but fuck it yo...
It's live from the—
I'll crush this mic with the—
(yeah)
Just admire me from afar
Dap you with the—
"I appreciate your love and support
But keep it moving before I ruin me for you
One love and all that, I just humored you
Now let me get back
(Ok, peace, thank you)

[Outro]
That was fucking ill, dude! What the fuck!
Alright man, I gotta go. Peace. Yeah, alright man, peace
What the fuck! Yo, did you guys hear that man? Yo, Jonwayne!

