

Rap, these are the prime years
And we are the members of The Get Fresh Crew
On a lifetime mission to explore new beats and new cuts
To take rap, beyond the point, that no other rapper has ever thought about before

You know why? (Why!)
Ask me why? (Why!)
We on a mission!

All the way to heaven!
All the way to heaven!
All the way to heaven!
All the way to heaven!

N-n-n-now my name is Doug E. Fresh and I love to perform
And, you know I go to have my Ballys on
But a new corporation around the block
Did not want (thing!) they did not want (?) they did not want
The Get Fresh Crew to rock
Because-a once we're together we can't be stopped
And the talent to rock it, what we've got
And people want us to break up, but we cannot
People want us to break up, but we cannot
To the tippy-tippy top (?)
What up! (What up!) What up! We on a mission!

All the way to heaven!
All the way to heaven!
All the way to heaven!
All the way to heaven!

Now this will be the first time in history
A rap song is dedicated to G-O-D
And it's highly advanced, to make you dance
And if you're doing what I'm doing
? it's about to ?
Achoo! (God bless you!) God bless you too!
Now tell me who wanna rock with The Get Fresh Crew?
(Me too!) Cool! When I ask this question people came to the mall
As if we had applications for some of ? jobs
(Excuse me Doug E. Fresh, I want to sing in your mob)
Mob? (Yes mob!) You thought that I write songs?
(Well) later I'm having lunch ? the corner and ?
Now wait! Hold up! Stop! Mamma said ? let the beatbox break!

(beatboxing)

Well, excuse me, what's your name again?
The entertainer Doug E. Fresh is my claim to fame
But not too many people know the meaning of the name
Before I go, we're gonna let you see
My name and per-son-al-i-ty
D! "D" for dedication
O! "O" is for our
U! The "U" is for unique and the
G! "G" is for God
The "E" is ever so, and by now you guessed
That you can't spell Doug E. without the (Fresh!)
Human beatbox, rhym-ing specialist
Goin' for more and never settle for less
In the morning I brush my teeth with Crest
Until the cleaners, they get my Fila pressed
Because that's the way I dress (What!) Yes!
Ain't nothin' to it, but to do it
(Why's it gotta be you Doug!)
Somebody gotta do it
On and on until the breaks of dawn
And you know Get Fresh won't steer you wrong
You keep on until the breaks of day
(And-a) To try to understand what we say, okay
Now through strengths and struggles, I made a vow
I put my hand on the bible and I said "Thou"
Shall always rock the microphone
With partners, friends and if so alone
And preach and preach and through music I'll teach
Any group, company, posse or each
Person, personnel, and personally
As a gift from God that's sent through me
'Cause I'm just like Moses, no one knows this
The way I dress and my lifestyle shows this
To be true God made things in two
With Chill Will and Barry Bee are The Get Fresh Crew

Say what, say what, say what
Say what, say what, say what
Say what, say what, say what
Say what, say what, say what
Say what, say what, say what

All the way to heaven!
All the way to heaven!
All the way to heaven!
All the way to heaven!

