

[Intro: Lil Yachty, Quavo, & Young Thug]
Grandfero, nigga
Yeah, yeah
You need to stay up out them streets if you can't take the heat
(Always said, know what I'm saying? Know what I'm saying? Y'all niggas, head ass niggas, you step out the streets, nigga, y'all niggas might get...) (Yeah)
You need to stay up out them streets if you can't take the heat

[Hook: Lil Yachty & Young Thug]
'Cause it get cold like Minnesota (yeah), cold like Minnesota (yup!)
Cold like Minnesota, cold like Minnesota
Need to stay up out them streets if you can't take the heat (brrr, brrr)
You need to stay up out them streets if you can't take the heat (woo, woo, yeah, yeah!)
'Cause it get cold like Minnesota (yeah!), cold like Minnesota (yeah, yeah!)
Cold like Minnesota, it get cold like Minnesota (yeah! 'Sota)
Need to stay up out them streets if you can't take the heat ('Sota)
You need to stay up out them streets if you can't take the heat

[Verse 1: Lil Yachty]
'Cause it get cold like Minnesota, riding 'round on boulders (skr, skr)
Money sitting up, it sits way above your shoulders
I was eating pork and rinds with a bitch from New York Times
I don't eat no pork and rinds, but that bitch was mighty fine
I got gold all on my necklace (skr, skr), tatted up my arms
Now my mama think I'm reckless (what?), got guns under my mattress
I was juggin' since a youngin', free my older cousin Reesey
He from Hamilton, not D.C, I rock NBs like I'm Gleeshy (ayy)
Flip phone banging off the walls (rrr), Gucci on my drawers
Why the fuck you in these streets if you scared of them four walls?
I was stroking on your sister, she was calling me her mister
She suck dick for a picture, it's Lil Yachty, nice to meet you (I'm Lil Yachty)
I was jugging off them stacks, counting up them racks
Almost had a lifetime sentence (do do do), but I beat it, shout out to Pat
Pat, that's my lawyer, he got me off them charges
8 stacks for that boy, he took care of the boy, ayy

[Hook: Lil Yachty, Young Thug, & Quavo]
'Cause it get cold like Minnesota (yeah), cold like Minnesota (ayy)
Cold like Minnesota (yeah), it get cold like Minnesota (ayy)
Need to stay up out them streets if you can't take the heat (brrr, brrr)
You need to stay up out them streets if you can't take the heat
'Cause it get cold like Minnesota, cold like Minnesota (c-c-cold)
Cold like Minnesota, it get cold like Minnesota (uh!)
Need to stay up out them streets if you can't take the heat (Migos!)
You need to stay up out them streets if you can't take the heat (uh!)

[Verse 2: Quavo]
You need to stay up out the streets if you can't take the heat (uh!)
When they said Lil Yachty hot, I'm like, "That's him or me?" (Lil Yachty, huh)
Wrist like Minnesota (Minnesota), trapping Coca-Cola (Coca!)
Catching plays, Anquan Boldin (woo!)
Jug out the hot box, know that it's stolen (hot! Ayy)
Large (large) sizes (ayy!), all type of narcotics
Woah, got a bankroll in that big body (uh!)
I love my Motorola (brrr), I love my Motorola (brrr)
I love my Motorola (brrr), I love my Motorola (brrr)
Fuck 12, they can't pull me over (12!)
Smoking on gas and that odor (gas!)
Cook it up, then flip it over
You must've forgot it, we 'bout it like soldiers (soldiers! Uh!)
It's cold but I got my shirt off (burr!)
Trap niggas can't fall off (trap)
Big sack of molly, golf ball (molly!)
Big sack of molly, golf ball (fore!)

[Verse 3: Skippa Da Fippa & Young Thug]
I trap in Minnesota like a viking (swear)
Flood out the Sky-Dweller, it got good lighting (shine)
We made the dab and all of y'all biting (dab)
Two thick white bitches, both of 'em dykes (swear)
I make a 50 before his acre (I make a)
I was in the streets but I ain't have no cable (I was in the)
Me and Lil Yachty touch down at the safe house (swear)
Skippa Da Flippa, I will bring the rice out (yeah, yeah!)

[Verse 4: Young Thug]
Cold like Minnesota, racks on fall, I told you ('Sota)
I iced out my Rollie, then did the same damn thing for my brodies (yeah)
All a nigga trap spot beating like a pulse
I could put the heat inside the kitchen like a baller (ball)
I could fill your bitch head up like a lawyer (woo!)
Ain't know, never 'gon sign posts (yeah!)
Big machine, big machine (big machine)
I'm cooking bean on jelly beans (woo, woo, woo)
No need to smell it, all is clean
That money talking, Charlie Sheen (gang!)
I'm riding Ubers with the toolie (skrr!)
I got more diamonds than your jeweler (swah)
I make her come back like I'm Yugi (yeah!)
If you ain't know it, now you knew it, ay
I aim at her head like a sniper rifle (woo!)
She can't be my bitch if she dykin', dykin' (woo!)
I bought her a ring but no wifey, wifey (woo!)
She slurp on that dick and I like it, like it (woo!)
No candy, she Mike and Ike it (candy)
No Nike, she know I do it (do it)
I eat that bitch like a hockey pocket (yeah)
No Nike, she know I do it

[Hook: Lil Yachty, Young Thug, & Both]
'Cause it get cold like Minnesota ('Sota), cold like Minnesota (yeah, ayy)
Cold like Minnesota ('Sota), it get cold like Minnesota (brrr)
Need to stay up out them streets if you can't take the heat (brrr)
You need to stay up out them streets if you can't take the heat (brrr)
'Cause it get cold like Minnesota ('Sota), cold like Minnesota (c-c-cold)
Cold like Minnesota, it get cold like Minnesota (yeah)
Need to stay up out them streets if you can't take the heat (yeah, yeah)
You need to stay up out them streets if you can't take the heat (oh, yeah)

