

[Intro: Shakewell & Fat Nick]
Nine times out of ten, they do that same shit (Pop, pop, pop!)
Workin' for the weekend? Nah, I'm workin' for a spaceship (Whoop)
Ten out of ten, they on that lame shit (Pop, pop, pop!)
Shoot 'em in their knot and do that lane switch
Ayo, Lil Mexico, pass the gas!
Whoop, ayy, yeah, ayy, whoop, ah-ah, yeah
Big Juice tha Sip

[Verse 1: Shakewell]
Only blue strips, you a basic ass rapper (Haha-ha)
Ten, twenty, fifty, hunnids, I'm a real life trapper (Huhu-hu)
Real life loonie losin' it, I'm havin' a crisis (Okay!)
Whole clique strapped up, bitch we lookin' like ISIS (Troom, troom, troom, troom!)
30 deep when I step, bitch you don't wanna fight us (No)
It's just me myself and I, a 30 clip and a rifle
Fuck a frat bitch good, like to suck on my Eiffel
Call me trapper of the century, I was born with the title (Okay!)

[Bridge: Shakewell]
Nine times out of ten, they do that same shit (Pop, pop, pop!)
Workin' for the weekend, I'm workin' for a spaceship (Whoop)
Ten out of ten, they on that lame shit (Pop, pop, pop!)
Shoot 'em in their knot and do that lane switch

[Verse 2: Shakewell]
Tell me how that brain is, shorty, 'cause I need me a swallow (Okay)
Count guap up on the Jack, guess I'm feeling like Rollo (Okay)
I could eat this 100 count and never wake up tomorrow (Never)
Fuck that shit, I ain't a bitch, I never fold on my partner (No way)
Ten toes, ten hoes, one show in each state (Okay)
Ten shows, ten bands, each get, so what I make (So what I)
Give a fuck, then do the math, cause I don't really care
I go triple in the trap, catch a milli' in a year (Yeah)
Then the bullet graze his ear, put another in his chest (Haha-ha)
Had about ten meetings, still independent (Haha-ha)
Favorite rapper foo-foo, I keep hunnid percent (I really do)
I woke up still perc'd, hit the blunt and reset

[Chorus: Shakewell]
Lost ten homies, how can I feel blessed? (No)
I'm just doin' what they want, man, runnin' to the check (Okay)
Money can't buy no happiness, they said (No)
They ain't never take 20, dropped that on they neck (Okay)
Lost ten homies, how can I feel blessed? (No)
I'm just doin' what they want, man, runnin' to the check (Okay)
Money can't buy no happiness, they said (No)
They ain't never take 20, dropped that on they neck (They ain't)

[Verse 3: Pouya]
That Rollie on my wrist put a smile up on my face
That Ruger on my waist keep a fuckboy in his place
10K for the feature and I just might up my rate
I hit a lick and do the race, it got me feelin' like Tay-K
I don't want yo pussy, rather buy some real estate
Swallow my dick but don't get inside my mind
'Cause you won't get blown away
Baby Bone, I got some issues
Momma told me if they kill me, they gon' miss me
So I'm out here dodgin' missiles
Nine times out of ten, they on that fuck shit
Pull up and hop out and pop the trunk quick
No "Gucci Gang," but you know I got that Pump, bitch
I'm swervin' lanes, it may look like I'm rushin'
Get off that carpet, you don't want no static
Fully automatic, let you have it if you want it
Gettin' money was a habit
All my bitches was the baddest
All my shooters hella savage
Hunnid thousand in the attic
IRS can never have it (Yeah)

[Chorus: Shakewell]
Lost ten homies, how can I feel blessed? (No)
I'm just doin' what they want, man, runnin' to the check (Okay)
Money can't buy no happiness, they said (No)
They ain't never take 20, dropped that on they neck (Okay)
Lost ten homies, how can I feel blessed? (No)
I'm just doin' what they want, man, runnin' to the check (Okay)
Money can't buy no happiness, they said (No)
They ain't never take 20, dropped that on they neck (They ain't)

[Outro: Shakewell]
Lost ten homies, How can I feel blessed?
I'm just doin' what they want, man, runnin' to the check
Money can't buy no happiness, they said
They ain't never take 20, dropped that on they neck

