

[Verse 1: Isaiah Rashad]
Yeah
Now, everybody tellin' me a lie
Lordy, give me somethin' for my soul
See, I don't wanna think of suicide
So please don't take the lock key off my door
See, I've been tired of fuckin' all these girls
And I've been tired of spendin' all my dough
And if I give my story to the world
I wonder if they'd book me for a show
See you can't handle pressure on your own
So why you carry boulder by yourself?
The story’s storyteller tell it wrong
And glorify the horror and the wealth
My mama call me, tell me coming home
And I just need some guidance in my steps
I know I'm not the only one alone
I know I'm not the only one that felt

[Chorus: SZA]
Heavenly Father, why are you so far away?
Heavenly Father, why are you so far away?
Heavenly Father, why are you so far away?
Heavenly Father, why are you so far away?

[Verse 2: Isaiah Rashad]
Look
Now, I'm prayin' that I make it 25
They be callin' doctor for my health
And "no" is kinda hard to say to drugs
'Cause I been havin' problems with myself
And I been askin' questions, where the love?
And they don't give me answers, just a check
And they don't know my issues as a child
'Cause I was busy cuttin' on myself
And hangin' from the playground wasn't wrong
Until you got a rope around your neck
And I been losin' more than just my mind
Gatherin' what's left of self-respect
And Daddy, why you call me while you're drunk?
And why you never love me when I need it?
And I don't wanna be like you no more
And I been tryna cope, I'm getting weeded

[Chorus: SZA]
Heavenly Father, why are you so far away?
Heavenly Father, why are you so far away?
Heavenly Father, why are you so far away?
Heavenly Father, why are you so far away?

[Verse 3: Isaiah Rashad]
Here, look, ayy
I smoke too much: the problems of a 20-somethin'
I drink too often, there's liquor pourin' from the faucet
You would assume from following the tunes
That I'm doomed to die young, addicted to dry plum
These bitches ain't shit, and pussy is my greatest vice
I love smokin' weed, I hate advice
I know some niggas that talk good, the wise men
From a long line of bitch-made and brides-men
You never had nuttin' but fuckin' dreams
You just caught up in the hype, the fashion and so it seems
The limelight, I know that I rhyme tight
No need for your two cents and burnin' your blueprints
These people think I really give a fuck about the shit they give a fuck about
Just need a moment of silence, just close your fuckin' mouth
Infatuated with violence, gun in my fuckin' mouth
So you don't know that I'm serious, know what I'm talkin' 'bout?
Like you got punchlines for days
So generic your flow, you're too cold, you're aged
And you got punch lines for days
So generic your flow, you're too cold, you're aged
Yeah, and I'm so misrepresented
By niggas that claim trill and they souls was never in it, like
And I'm so misrepresented
By niggas that claim trill, they souls was never in it, like...

[Produced by D. Sanders]
[Directed by Eric Swiz]

