

[Intro]
*Alternating between Lou and The Voice in His Head*
(Yea yea.... yeah fuck that hoe.... fuck everybody)
Yuh... take 7...8
(This that hard shit... You already know)
Sinister... should went there
Yo, look

[Verse]
Snuck into the crib through the window where the AC's at
Rob the jewels, but leave the food in case they may need that (leave that)
Leave the read receipt on and check it so bae see that
I saw it and when she's called then I'll claim I ain't read that (I neva saw it)
A narcissist in the park after it's dark giving the narcs a list of fake thugs that never sold drugs and where their apartments is (Word)
Tell a bitch to get out the car while I'm parkin' it so she don't see where the compartment is
I'm on my Cartman shit dude, fat and rude, imma act buffoon in a badder mood
Make sure the ladder move if you climbin' to the top
To watch you drop and flop like a bad album with no sales
And everybody talkin' shit can get clipped like a toenail
The flow's braile, the blind feel it, I'm fly wit it
Can't find ceilings I'm higher than 5 buildings times millions (Wow)
Talkin' to God like "Damn, why you leave me here with these whinin' children?" (Why?)
He told me "This time I'm tryna teach you how to find your feelins"
I'm at the pawn shop tryna pawn your mom's watch, to cop this gold Glock, pop shots in your face and make your moms watch
Flee the scene, return the Glock, buy back the watch and flaunt it in my next video claiming I bought it cause I rap a lot
After Pac i'm the greatest and I ain't afraid to say it (Fuck y'all)
Everybody show me fake love and I already fuckin hate it (Fuck y'all!!)
I'm afraid to make it, already got fake friends and fuck with sketchy bitches
Best rapper alive, still I'm shy and pessimistic
Molestin' critics, confessin shit that I never did for a cheap laugh
Walk into NA like "Hey gang, where the weed at?" (Where the bud at)
Drunk off of 3 packs of Bud Lite askin your wife "where the V at?" (Lemme drive)
I'm sober enough to drive, you can't see that
A menace to your team, drinkin lean with a tea bag
In the V with the seat back and traffic gettin' T bad
She like "Holy shit, my dad's home Lou, where yo jeans at?" (Oh no!)
I'm like "Nah fuck it, he need to see where we at"
Facts, I never lied, I'm forever high with a sinners mind
Kill a rapper then tell em "Faggot, you should go and get a life" (Get a life)
I'm drink spikin', hitchhiking, "Can I get a ride?"
Britney told me she was hungry so I fed her lines (*sniff*)
I'm back home with these rap poems cause these fags don't have a backbone, you need a better spine
If they told me they was dyin' I'd prolly still tell you to hit me at a better time (I can't talk right now)
Sleepwalkin', commit robberies and forget the crime (I did that)
I used to be the nicest kid in the world, till I got picked on and shitted on and pissed at the world (Fuck y'all)
But now they all love me it's so funny, my nose runny, I'm so sick that if I spit on you once you get froze from it
Demented, your gun I bent it, fuck a friendship, thought rappers ballin' in they cars but they fuckin' rent it (Faggot)
Apply for school and get suspended before I ever fuckin attend it
Still go to class screamin "Fuck this lesson, y'all stuck in the present I'm in the future like Marty, playin Future at parties"
I don't give a fuck man, middle fingers up on the roof of a 'rari
I mean shit what's the purpose of a life if I gotta sit here and pretend that I'm perfect all my life, I make mistakes
Claim I'm vegan but I just ate a steak
I mean they say they wanted beef so shit I just made a plate
I mean what you do in a week, shit just takes me a day so what's a month to me
Tell me really who could fuck with me

(Woo! Ha... Ooga Booga, fuck rappers! Hehheh... that's it)
(That shit hard)

