

[Intro: General "Buck" Turgidson & President Merkin Muffley from Dr. Strangelove (1964)]
"...And in true health, through the purity and essence of our natural... fluids. God bless you all" and he hung up
We're—we're still trying to figure out the meaning of that last phrase (Urrh)
There's nothing to figure out, General Turgidson (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
This man is obviously a psychotic
Ha, haha, ha (Yeah)
Lou the Human, I think that's my name
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, haha, ha
Shut up (Oh)

[Verse 1]
I been thinkin' 'bout (What?)
Jumping off of a building just to see if I can fly (Woo)
Or see if I can die, I'm a conceited kinda guy
God's son or the Devil's estranged son
'Cause he'd even probably leave my ass for asking where I came from
Are we there yet? Is life fair yet? (Uh) Do you care yet?
Is love just a game of showing each other who could care less?
Can I confess, sometimes I think we're all doomed
Or probably cartoons for aliens from a far view (Wow)
I save clips 'cause I'm too broke to make weight flip
I hate shit and I stay sick
Cuz I hate doctors, I don't have the patience
Nurse, quick, can you slurp dick? (Quick)
Not the old chick, I need the young intern with the firm tits
Pissed off in the whip 'cause my CD from The Firm skips
I don't even really like weed (Nah), I just like to burn shit (Ha)
Woke up at 10 P.M. asking where the fuck my breakfast at (Where is it?)
Tellin' wack rappers I'll do a feature, take the check and reject the track (That shit is wack)
Have abandonment issues so I never text her back
Friend request my ex just to laugh but inside I'm sad (I am)
Mom says I could be bipolar (What?)
But I'm still a high roller (Uh-huh)
And it's been a couple years since my mind's sober (Woo)
Robbing bums for their change as a life lesson
Hand them some job apps and come right back if they have questions (Lemme know)
I used to want to be a backpack rapper
Until I had my backpack snatched and my life ass backwards

[Interlude: General "Buck" Turgidson & President Merkin Muffley from Dr. Strangelove (1964)]
We're—we're still trying to figure out the meaning of that last phrase (Aww)
There's nothing to figure out, General Turgidson
This man is obviously a psychotic

[Verse 2]
Now I'm the mad rapper with my hat backwards
Looking like Ash Ketchum
Tryna bag kat stacks soon as my ass platinum (Holla at me)
A wack trapper, bumping Gucci and them trap rappers (Ha)
Type of cat to burn a half and go to class after (Haha)
I never paid attention, I never paid for shit
I never paid for chips, hit the store, take and dip
Was our motto back in the day so I have to get paid
Spent ten years trapped in a daze
Tryna figure out what I'm rapping to say (Uh)
And still, I got nothing
So I'ma stop fronting, I'm not running
I'm moonwalking when the cops coming
And I'm not dumbing down for the rap game
Soon as I'm on I'm going pop, not even sticking around for the rap game
Fuck this rap shit (Fuck it), fuck a bad bitch
I need a fat chick that's ratchet, takes acid and in her bra carries aspirin tablets
My ass been waiting too long and I'm getting old
If I ain't on by 22, then them .22s is getting blown (Gra-ka-ka)
You could find me in the girls' bathroom getting blown
With a slut like Mary Magdalene and we was getting stoned
A Humaniac getting brain 'cause I'm a brainiac
And how my brain reacts to pain is to get laid, it's a chain reaction
See how insane he acting? (See?)
Your mama probably warned you
But he's a sweet guy, eh, nah, he probably conned you (Hah)
I'm in the laundromat wearing clothes I haven't washed in weeks
With a Boston freak, tripping balls until I fall asleep
Dreaming bout a good life, wake up tight 'cause it's back to this shit (Fuck)
My back's against the wall but I kick a leg up and make it look cool
At the party hitting cook moves (Swag)
Cuz I can't dance but I look smooth
Was taught to move how the crook move, not the shook move
The shook ones never look to

[Interlude: General Liang from Ten Tigers of Kwangtung (1979)]
Aww
En garde, I—

[Verse 3]
We Mobb Deep
They saying we the new Wu, I'm like, "Aww, sweet" (Yes)
Looking half asleep 'cause I'm high and it's been a long week (Deadass)
"I'm out of words to rhyme," said me never
"I'ma get the last laugh," said Heath Ledger
Going kinda crazy, think I'm suicidal but I'm too lazy
To take my own life but I might do it if you pay me (Wow)
Sorry, world, I'm exactly who you made me
Young Hugh, Lou's dead, this is my soul tomb raiding (It's me)
So who's rating the dead man walking
Get the next man's coffin
Smoke it like it's nothing, the next man's coughing, bitch

[Outro: President Merkin Muffley from Dr. Strangelove (1964)]
Aw shit, man
Yeah, bitch
It's me
Aw shit
They let me back in this bitch, yeah
Bitch
Hahahahaha
Hahahahaha
Aw yeah
Humanic
This man is obviously a psychotic

