

[Intro: Sean Price & 5 Ft.]
Shut the fuck up and, and record the shit man, 'fore I come up there and bet the shit out you b
Word up, Boom Bye Yeah nigga, let's go
Yeah, come on, yeah, come on (Yeah)
Yeah, throw ya' hands up (Yeah)
Come on, yeah, come on, yeah ([?] what up?)
Sean P! ([?] what up?) Sean P! ([?] what up?)
Get at these niggas, son!

[Verse 1: Sean Price]
You can catch me in a tenement
Doing too much drugs, straight Jimi Hendrix-in'
Pop's a drinker, my mom's on dope
Pick up they bad habit, now the God do both
Popping some pills, sniffing a line, drinking some wine
Up in the club, grabbing my gun, fucking with Shyne
Bling bling (bling bling), it's a Sean Price thing
Too many clowns want the crown, but there only one king
I'm, the king ask Rock, there is none higher
Bitch-ass niggas better call me sire
Burn my kingdom, must use fire
Big bag of weed, a dutch and some E-Z Wider
Yo, Ruck had a drug habit and all
Bust matics, chrome static I ain't fucking wit' y'all
Don't get my hands dirty, I got goons that spray
Quick to kill a motherfucker like boom bye yeah

[Chorus: Sean Price]
Dru Ha, what up? Yeah, yeah
Buckshot, what up? Yeah, yeah
Big Rock, what up? Yo, yo
Tek and Steel what up? Yo
"First name Sean, last name Price"

[Verse 2: Sean Price]
I step in the ring weighing an even 200
Lost twenty pounds in B-ville, fucking around with E pills
So I took a trip to Jack LaLanne
Got my weight back like that when I snatched the chain
Duke I'm hardcore, far more than the average
In Job Corps, I smoke more than you bastards
Y'all niggas ain't fucking with Ruck
Wilding out like it's dust in my dutch, motherfucker
Stupid bitches think the God got plenty dough
Just because they saw a motherfucker up on Jenny Jones
Have to step back and laugh at these hoes
I'm Sean Price, the brokest rapper you know
Nice to meet ya'
Ike Turner when rocking the wife beater
You step on my toes, hoes and you're wiping my sneakers
Yeah

[Chorus: Sean Price]
Rustee Juxx, what up? Yo, yo
Illa Noyz, what up? Yo, yo
Elroy, what up? Yo, yo
Sethlow, what up? Yo
"First name Sean, last name Price"

[Verse 3: Sean Price]
You can say what you want, just spell my name right
First name Sean, last name Price
Nigga I'm David Ruffin in the flesh
Fucked up in the game, but never the less, I'm the best
Y'all, niggas be rhyming about nothing
I rhyme about nothing, and sound like something
I used to sell crack and listen to Redman
Now I smoke black, while I'm getting some head, damn
Sean Price, always broker than most
That's why the gun smoke chokin' ya' folks
Stick 'em up
Put ya' hands where my eyes can see
Yo this ain't Busta Rhymes, bang!
Bust a nine, bang!
Roughest and toughest, so don't fuck with mine
I will, snuff 'em and cut 'em, before he fuck with mine, yo

[Outro: Sean Price]
What up?
GRB, what up?
Dan The Man, what up?
Sean Price, what up?
"Sean Price"

