

[Intro: Freestyle]

Four elements of hip hop
Deejaying, breaking, emceeing and graffiti
Check it out, feel me on this one
Yeah

[Verse 1: Freestyle]
See there's a 187 Reasonz Y to be a Necrophiliac
I'm in a Cage where only Non-Phixion could see me at
Thirstin to Howl within the 3rd hour of the night
Ducking Vandal Squad, spraying hard and avoiding the Serchlite
Using the Shadez of Brooklyn to cloak from blue and white Problemz
Switch tips on Krylons, meanwhile I fondle 'em
The click-clack's the knick knack, finish the piece, step back
Mad Skillz, His-Panik, Urban Thermodynamic, Pitch Black
Here comes the boys in blue, cause of Massinfluence
They have intents to harm me, they're coming at me with a Killarmy
I'm PF cuttin' corners like Tron, it's On The Go
You know how my Company Flow to XL like Chino
I dipped through Kalodge Projects to the House of Reps
Where niggas like A.L. got Skills, absolutely!
Cops didn't try to shoot me and I lost 'em
But when they get back to the precinct, believe me
It's gonna Cost 'em, but I don't give a fuck like Slim Shady
Godfather Don or Organized Konfusion, Hi-Tek
With my illusion in this subculture, I dwell amongst the sharks and vultures
You don't know the Scienz Of Life's trife? The streets'll coach ya!

Follow this…

[Hook]

People from the overworld, don't bother trying to pay attention
The names you hear are too real, beyond your comprehension
'Bout to burn your earlobes, with my arsonistic tactics
Bring it on, surface versus under, it's automatic

[Verse 2: Freestyle]
Caught in the middle of breakin' and being Mr. Live at block parties
Status of Mr. Man, I have a change of plans
Spraying Elements of Style, so graffiti is surviving
TC5, TCK, NBK, y'all keep it live and sky's the limit
Either that or nosedive, it takes practice to make your J-Live
So I shoot to swish in this business
Making records from the heart and soul
When it's crunchtime, all it's gonna boil down to:
Are my Wordsworth, the Punchline?
The Gifted One like a Jemini, Double Trouble, triple metaphors
I'm Mr. Complex and always Rock Steady in my context
I X-Men til they're Invisbl, like them Scratch masters, Supernatural
Resource disaster, Black Star in Bushwick
I'm known to Mop Tops with Natural Elements, huh
The Juggaknot that can't be stopped
Last Emperor from Saukrates to Toynbee
Making no Dead Presidents, but don't no label own me!
My Cartel consists of Shabazz and Beatnuts
Krash Dummiez and 5th Platoon supplying the killer cuts
I'm in a room with MF DOOM, Dr. Octagon and Killah Priest
They all have you underground, resting in peace

*scratching*

